fileter filter
prediacte predicate
destiantion destination
internet Internet
absance absence
param parameter
explaination explanation
db database
absense absence
msg message
quiery query
entyr entry
clinet client
acquaintence acquaintance
adress address
adultary adultery
agression aggression
alegiance allegiance
allegaince allegiance
defintion definition
snaphshot snapshot
allegience allegiance
amatuer amateur
amature amateur
app application
aquaintance acquaintance
arguement argument
assocaition association
athiest atheist
attiribute attribute
begining beginning
behavior behaviour
bellweather bellwether
buisiness business
buisness business
calender calendar
camoflage camouflage
camoflague camouflage
cematery cemetery
cemetary cemetery
cheif chief
chirerarchy hierarchy
collaegue colleague
collegue colleague
colum column
compnent component
concensus consensus
concorrency concurrency
contraversy controversy
diffrence difference
dilema dilemma
dumbell dumbbell
eneity entity
equiptment equipment
existance existence
experiance experience
explostion explosion
facotry factory
freind friend
garantee guarantee
garanty guarantee
garentee guarantee
guidence guidance
heighth height
heigth height
higeine hygiene
hiygeine hygiene
hygeine hygiene
insterest interest
inteligence intelligence
intelligance intelligence
intereseting interesting
jewelery jewellery
judgement judgment
langugage language
lenght length
likelyhood likelihood
liason liaison
liesure leisure
lightening lightning
lisence license
maintnance maintenance
max maximum
min minimum
neice niece
nieghbor neighbor
obejct object
occassion occasion
occurance occurrence
occurence occurrence
occurrance occurrence
ocurrance occurrence
offense offence
ommision omission
parliment parliament
perseverence perseverance
personel personnel
personell personnel
possesion possession
ppl people
presance presence
priviledge privilege
prof professor
professer professor
promiss promise
pronounciation pronunciation
questionaire questionnaire
questionnair questionnaire
reciept receipt
referance reference
repitition repetition
repo repository
restarant restaurant
restaraunt restaurant
rythm rhythm
sargent sergeant
secratary secretary
secretery secretary
funct function
dir directory
suport support
suprise surprise
surprize surprise
sytem system
techinique technique
tomato tomato
tommorow tomorrow
tommorrow tomorrow
tranasction transaction
tyrany tyranny
vaccum vacuum
vaccuum vacuum
vacume vacuum
vehical vehicle
wellbeing well-being
wellfare welfair
wether weather
contnet content
mechinism mechanism
wether whether
